Plus George Bravo a limp-dick elder law
down and our good friend Francisco we're
here to talk to you about sex positions
and things you should know like don't
fucking Mexican because mexicans are
nasty are you Mexican yeah babies
Angeles hey y'all probably know everyone
write it down for you so you're fucking
your girl doggystyle right stop spread
them cheeks just put your finger up in
there I know you don't want to do this
but just do that and then start fucking
her again and then grabbed her by the
top of her head and then if ago you saw
the Overmind right in front of a window
in a dark room right man you make
yourself fall out and say oops I fell
out when you switch it somebody similar
size with you and then the original
person i was there goes outside we've
set for the window when they realize
that need the person that doing them
this is the person is going west again
he has priestess also recommended Cyber
Command I did it it is recommending the
genie is basically the same thing as the
Houdini oh alright so basically the same
thing I to get two guys so we've got the
same size dick these two examples one
guy is fucking the girl it's bigger you
and then same thing you say oops it fell
out and then your friend comes in and
then he starts tugging her and then but
she has to be in the way but then the
original guy goes out and waves at her
and no she turn around which is what the
book and she look at you again and
that's when you just interface of civil
we use him cuz he has long hair it gets
stuck in there quite easy hey this this
was recommended it's not invite for the
girls what someone is the Superman so
you know this is easy this has to be
doing a doggy style I'm done just lie
back she's on her back and pull blanket
over that way she looks like flying Oh
God everybody knows how spine man a hole
right right this is what you do start
funny all right feel like about the kids
right to jizz on your hand and they just
take your head chiming you get it on
these two fingers today kids we're gonna
learn about the angry pirate all right
Francisco Henry pirate is all these
children with us know when you cook it
girl little eight year olds can watch
this when you fuck a girl ami daddy I'm
an angry pirate today are you bug after
you hung a girl and you know but to jizz
is no good ginseng or I so and then you
kick your Nisshin but you gotta just if
you just honored her left eye you gotta
kick our right shin and same thing on
the other one of you Justin or left that
you gotta kick your right shin so she'll
be going like somebody so sure we don't
like ah ah
these positions of these make sure you
have a yes there are these Sanchez's are
also funny as shit all sad about
whatever Jewish whatever Georgie tells
you to do do not do now we're doing the
Houdini though I'll go in the spider man
i'm doing i do this i would do Houdini
but no one here as big as this fix me